Privacy Policy

In line with the European Union's new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that came into effect on 25 May 2018 we acknowledge the following privacy policies for anyone who gives us their personal information for marketing purposes. Personal information refers to any information that is unique to an individual. We are referred to as the ‘data controller’, and where it states ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’, this relates to ixo and any of its related parties and will just be referred to as ixo for the purposes of these policies.

It is our goal to provide all users with clear guidelines on how we use their personal information, and we take the security of this personal data very seriously. 

What data do we collect?

We only collect basic data for marketing purposes. This basic data refers to:
Your name and email address
The information you provide by completing any queries or forms. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.

How we will use this information?

We provide you with information, products or services and general marketing about ixo.
We will use the information given to us by you to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to notify you about changes to our service.

Cookies

Cookies are small data files that contain information about your visits and use of our site, which helps us to enhance our sites performance and market correctly based on your interaction with our site. We also use these cookies to recognize you when you return to our website and to estimate the audience of our website. You can refuse cookies by modifying the settings of your browser. However, if you do so, the navigation of our website may be slower but the navigation will not be affected otherwise.

Third-party access to your information

Information may be collected on our behalf by third party organisations, but under no circumstances will this information be retained or given to third parties.

Your rights

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will always inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing, at any time, by contacting us at support@ixo.world.

If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please ensure you do not choose the ‘opt-in’ section on relevant documentation / online forms. Alternatively, you can opt-out at any time, having originally opted-in, by clicking the link on such emails to unsubscribe. Alternatively, to have yourself removed from such databases, please contact us directly at info@ixo.world.

You have the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with Data Protection  Act and GDPR and is free of charge. This includes data we hold about you, how it is collected, why it is stored and the right to remove your data, which can include asking for data to be corrected if it is not accurate.

You can also ask for your personal data to be deleted at any time – if it’s no longer relevant. This is known as the right to be forgotten. Please note this will only apply to data collected that is not required to be maintained by alternative current laws.

Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.





